We've been hearing about the forthcoming revolution of the Internet-of-Things (IoT) and resulting interconnectedness of smart home technology for years.
So what’s the holdup? Why aren’t we all living in smart, connected homes by now? Part of the problem is too much competition, with not enough collaboration—there are tons of individual appliances and apps on the market
but few solutions to tie everything together into a single, seamless user experience. 
Now that bigger companies already well-versed in uniform user experiences (like Google, Amazon, and Apple) are getting involved
I expect we’ll see some major advancements on this front in the coming year
We’ve already seen some major steps forward for augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) technology in 2016. 
Oculus Rift was released, to positive reception, and thousands of VR apps and games followed. 
We also saw Pokémon Go, an AR game, explode with over 100 million downloads. 
The market is ready for AR and VR, and we’ve already got some early-stage devices and tech for these applications, 
but it’s going to be next year before we see things really take off. 
Once they do, you’ll need to be ready for AR and VR versions of practically everything—and ample marketing opportunities to follow
Machine learning has taken some massive strides forward in the past few years, 
even emerging to assist and enhance Google’s core search engine algorithm. 
But again, we’ve only seen it in a limited range of applications. 
Throughout 2017, I expect to see machine learning updates emerge across the board, 
entering almost any type of consumer application you can think of, 
from offering better recommended products based on prior purchase history to gradually improving the user experience of an analytics app. 
It won’t be long before machine learning becomes a kind of 'new normal,” 
with people expecting this type of artificial intelligence as a component of every form of technology.
Marketers will be (mostly) pleased to learn that automation will become a bigger mainstay in and throughout 2017,
with advanced technology enabling the automation of previously human-exclusive tasks. 
We’ve had robotic journalists in circulation for a couple of years now, 
and I expect it won’t be long before they make another leap into more practical types of articles. 
It’s likely that we’ll start seeing productivity skyrocket in a number of white-collar type jobs—and we’ll start seeing some jobs disappear altogether. 
When automation is combined with machine learning, everything can improve even faster, so 2017 has the potential to be a truly landmark year
Big data has been a big topic for the past five years or so, 
when it started making headlines as a buzzword. 
The idea is that mass quantities of gathered data—which we now have access to—can help us in everything from planning better medical treatments to executing better marketing campaigns. 
But big data’s greatest strength—its quantitative, numerical foundation—is also a weakness. 
In 2017, I expect we’ll see advancements to humanize big data, seeking more empathetic and qualitative bits of data and projecting it in a more visualized, accessible way.
Mobile devices have been slowly adding technology into our daily lives. 
It’s rare to see anyone without a smartphone at any given time, giving us access to practically infinite information in the real-world. 
We already have things like site-to-store purchasing, enabling online customers to buy and pick up products in a physical retail location, 
but the next level will be even further integrations between physical and digital realities. Online brands like Amazon will start having more physical products, 
like Dash Buttons, and physical brands like Walmart will start having more digital features, like store maps and product trials.
Thanks to brands like Uber (and the resulting madness of startups built on the premise of being the “Uber of ____”)
people are getting used to having everything on demand via phone apps. In 2017, I expect this to see this develop even further. 
We have thousands of apps available to us to get rides, food deliveries, and even a place to stay for the night
but soon we’ll see this evolve into even stranger territory.
Anyone in the tech industry knows that making predictions about the course of technology’s future, even a year out, is an exercise in futility.
Surprises can come from a number of different directions, and announced developments rarely release as they’re intended.
Still, it pays to forecast what’s coming next so you can prepare your marketing strategies (or your budget) accordingly.
Whatever the case may be, it’s still fun to think about everything that’s coming next.
In many ways, 2015 could be seen as the year cloud and distributed computing graduated from a niche skillset to a more prominent skillset in the global workforce. 
It was a very hot category in a few countries last year. But there weren’t enough members with skills like Hadoop, HBase, and Hive listed on their profiles to allow us to rank the category on our global list in 2014.
The device mesh moves beyond the traditional desktop computer and mobile devices (tablets and smartphones) to encompass the full range of endpoints with which humans might interact
As the device mesh evolves, Gartner expects connection models to expand and greater cooperative interaction between devices to emerge.
We will see significant development in wearables and augmented reality, especially in virtual reality.
All of our digital interactions can become synchronized into a continuous and ambient digital experience that preserves our experience across traditional boundaries of devices, time and space. 
The experience blends physical, virtual and electronic environments, 
and uses real-time contextual information as the ambient environment changes or as the user moves from one place to another.
Organizations will need to consider their customers' behavior journeys to shift the focus on design from discrete apps to the entire mesh of products and services involved in the user experience.
We'll see continued advances in 3D printing with a wide range of materials, including advanced nickel alloys, carbon fiber, glass, conductive ink, electronics, pharmaceuticals and biological materials for practical applications expanding into aerospace, medical, automotive, energy and the military.
Recent advances make it possible to mix multiple materials together with traditional 3D printing in one build. 
This could be useful for field operations or repairs when a specific tool is required and printed on demand.
Biological 3D printing — such as the printing of skin and organs — is progressing from theory to reality;
however, politicians and the public don't have a full understanding of the implications
Everything surrounding us in the digital mesh is producing, using and communicating with virtually unmeasurable amounts of information.
Organizations must learn how to identify what information provides strategic value, 
how to access data from different sources, and explore how algorithms leverage Information of Everything to fuel new business designs.
Advanced machine learning is what makes smart machines appear "intelligent" by enabling them to both understand concepts in the environment, and also to learn. Through machine learning a smart machine can change its future behavior. 
This area is evolving quickly, and organizations must assess how they can apply these technologies to gain competitive advantage.
Advanced machine learning gives rise to a spectrum of smart machine implementations — including robots, autonomous vehicles, 
virtual personal assistants (VPAs) and smart advisors — that act in an autonomous (or at least semiautonomous) manner. 
This feeds into the ambient user experience in which an autonomous agent becomes the main user interface. 
Instead of interacting with menus, forms and buttons on a smartphone, the user speaks to an app, which is really an intelligent agent.
The complexities of digital business and the algorithmic economy, combined with an emerging "hacker industry,"
significantly increase the threat surface for an organization. 
IT leaders must focus on detecting and responding to threats, as well as more traditional blocking and other measures to prevent attacks.
The digital mesh and smart machines require intense computing architecture demands to make them viable for organizations.
They'll get this added boost from ultra-efficient-neuromorphic architectures.
Systems built on graphics processing units (GPUs) and field-programmable gate-arrays (FPGAs) will function more like human brains that are particularly suited to be applied to deep learning and other pattern-matching algorithms that smart machines use.
FPGA-based architecture will allow distribution with less power into the tiniest Internet of Things (IoT) endpoints, such as homes, cars, wristwatches and even human beings.
The mesh app and service architecture are what enable delivery of apps and services to the flexible and dynamic environment of the digital mesh.
This architecture will serve users' requirements as they vary over time. It brings together the many information sources, devices, apps, services and microservices into a flexible architecture in which apps extend across multiple endpoint devices and can coordinate with one another to produce a continuous digital experience.
IoT platforms exist behind the mesh app and service architecture.
The technologies and standards in the IoT platform form a base set of capabilities for communicating, controlling, managing and securing endpoints in the IoT.
The platforms aggregate data from endpoints behind the scenes from an architectural and a technology standpoint to make the IoT a reality