If a school's library is outdated or lacking in a selection of titles, a student might find it difficult to compile the necessary research for an essay or research paper. 
As long as the school has a computer lab, students are able to use the Internet and digital encyclopedias to obtain the research they need. 
While students should be wary of the legitimacy of some of the content they read online, 
many schools use software like the Encyclopedia Britannica to help students do research
When schools in different parts of the state, country or world connect, students can "meet" their counterparts through video conferencing without leaving the classroom. 
Some sites, such as Glovico, are used to help students learn foreign languages online by pairing a group of students with a teacher from another country.
In younger grades, teachers expose children to computers through educational games. Instead of playing board games that focus on education, 
students can learn the basics of spelling, counting and other early educational lessons through computer games that make learning fun. 
Because many schools have at least one computer in each classroom, 
the teacher can make that computer a vital part of learning for young students
In the past, students could take distance or continuing education classes, also called "correspondence courses," at community colleges and universities. 
After enrolling in a course of this style, a student would receive course documents in the mail and would be required to mail assignments to his teacher at the educational institution. 
The process could be long and complicated. 
Thanks to technology, continuing education students can take courses over the Internet at their convenience
Not every school has the resources and budget to send its students on field trips related to the course of study. 
When this is the case, the students' education can suffer. 
But thanks to technology, students can use the Internet to virtually attend Web seminars put on by museums and other educational institutions. 
NASA, for instance, offers a program that allows students to talk to astronauts in space
There are so many advantages with improved technology in our daily life. 
With the help of mobile technology we are able to talk to our friends and relatives who are living far from us. 
With the help of internet, we are able to learn new things and online courses etc. 
With the help of aviation technology we are able to reach distant places within hours which took years of time to reach in olden days. 
We are using the all natural resources available for making our life better. 
With the help of social networking we are able to find our childhood friends, relatives etc. 
and important events in their life. With the help of information technology we are able to share information to any part of the world with in milliseconds. 
With progressive technology in the agriculture field, we are able to meet food requirements of people all over the world
Businesses have use technology to gain competitive advantage over their competitors. 
If a business uses technology to improve on its services or products, 
its customers will be impressed and they will become loyal to that business as well as invite more customers through word of mouth. 
Advanced technology can result into better customers service and production of high quality products or services
Business to consumer communication has been improved by use of technology. 
Now a business can easily communicate to its clients to know how they feel about their services. 
The information collected is used to improve on the services of the business which results into business growth. 
For example, businesses can use social Medias to hold product surveys.
A business can use technology to recruit and train new employees. 
Now days there unlimited Job boards online were companies post jobs and applicants apply through that online Job board.
This simplifies the all process of hiring and it saves time.
Globalization of education: Technology has made education remote. 
With the help of internet technology, online education has become a strong force in the education sector. 
Now students can study courses which are provided in other countries without having any boundary limitations.
Improved the transportation sector
Technology has made movement so easy and cheap, technologies like automobiles, airplanes, speed boats
electronic trains, have made moving from one place to another so easily.
improved on human relationships and connection:  Technology has improved on how we connect or discover new relationships. 
With things like mobile phones, and internet social Medias, people can connect with each so easily then before.
Increased production:  with the introduction of genetically engineered crops, farmers out puts have increased. 
These crops are engineered when they can stand harsh conditions as well has survive pests and diseases. 
They grow very first and the farmer gets back their return on investment (RIO) very first.
Electronic banking:  Banks have improved their services by using technology to introduce electronic banking. 
Customers can use online banking facilities to transfer money or get financial information, 
they can also use smart cards to withdraw or deposit money on their accounts.
E-cash is very easy to lose. As we try to replace cash money with e-cash, we are faced with a problem of losing money very first.  
Why?  E-cash is simply an electronic file, so this file can be interrupted across the network and you will lose your money in a second.  
Today their so many hackers online monitoring these electronic file transfers, though most merchants have formulated a trick of encrypting the files, 
but still these hackers find their way and access the data. Another lop hole is the exposure of financial details to dangerous people. 
Most of this information is stored on our computers.  
However, when you connect to internet, your computer will be assigned with an IP Address
and an experienced hacker can access your computer via your IP and take advantage of all your financial details.
Starting from the toy string telephone to the smart phones of today technology has definitely made keeping in touch a lot easier. 
Mobile phones have become essential because you can now call anyone at anytime, anywhere. 
In fact even outer space is not a hindrance for speaking with loved ones or with anyone over the phone.  
Meanwhile, even if in all probability nothing will really prepare us if nature truly wrecks havoc
our more modern means of communication technology has given us a measure of a chance of survival in case of natural disasters
If there is one area in our lives where the impact of technology is so apparent it could be no other than in the business sector. 
Business transactions are so much faster these days that money change hands albeit electronically by the nanosecond. 
What is more exciting is that these business acquisitions and gains are possible even when the buyer and the seller are at the opposite parts of the world. 
Moreover, calculations today are more accurate. This is certainly very helpful for every entrepreneur when it comes to making decisions. 
Technology has also made products more available to consumers too. 
This means big businesses are unable to strongly monopolize the industry since there are other companies that can offer a cheaper alternative. 
The power to choose should always be at the hands of the consumer.
Several studies have shown that students who have better access with technology have better chances of learning and doing well at school than those without. 
It cannot be denied that the internet is invaluable when it comes to research and supplemental studies for students of all levels. 
Gadgets that can connect to the internet make access to educational materials more convenient. 
With the help of technology students have all the learning resources at the tip of their fingertips. 
While actual books have their own charm it cannot be argued that internet-ready mobile devices make studying more convenient for students
they were still to rely on traditional books. 
Thus technology makes impact in education a lot.
Another very positive effect that technology has given mankind is in health care. 
State of the art hospitals are more organized and generally more efficient in saving people’s lives
their medical professional’s skill and dedication are paired with the latest technology that makes for better treatment.
Though a real hug and kiss is better than a virtual one technology still brings families closer
in the pursuit of realizing our dreams no matter where it takes us technology enables us to go back to our roots and be connected to what is really important - our family
Cars have become so ubiquitous in the world that many individuals can’t even imagine life without them. 
They aren’t the only transportation to have changed the human environment, however. 
Anything with wheels or wings would’ve seemed like science fiction to early civilizations
and the prospect of simply climbing into something with an engine and being able to travel anywhere in the world? That would’ve been absolutely unthinkable
It should come as no surprise that technology has vastly improved both the method and speed of communication all around the world. 
In the days of quills and scrolls, you sent off a letter and hoped for the best; 
in 2014, you can text, tweet, tumble, call, email, fax and “poke” if you have information that needs attention. 
What’s more, handheld tech ensures that you can do it all without even leaving the couch! 
This kind of convenience and open-access communication has allowed everyone in the world can connect, correspond and collaborate on a global scale.
It’s an understood psychological truth that people behave better when they know they’re being watched. 
In an age where every customer has a mobile phone camera, businesses are under this scrutiny 24/7, 
and they’re forced to stay on their toes to keep their doors open and their lights running. If customers are treated rudely, 
they can log onto sites like Yelp and leave negative reviews. down detector . 
If they find dirty, objectionable conditions, they can take video and launch a viral exposé within a matter of minutes. 
Businesses that want to succeed in the 21st century must keep a constant eye on consumer satisfaction, 
and in turn, this means better products, improved services and enriched business-to-customer relations.
Think about the last time you had to wait more than ten minutes for a cup of coffee. How frustrated did the experience leave you? 
Now imagine what it must have been like to live in the 1900s when all coffee beans had to be harvested and roasted by hand. 
Machines have made all the difference in how we perceive time and efficiency, 
especially in high-tech industries where streaming data is the norm and the Internet is the foundation of business. 
The automation of processing allows everyone to sit back and let machines do all the work. 
It’s a wonder to behold, though some people say it’s still worth teaching yourself how to make your own coffee.
The world opened up with the rise of IT. 
Not only can people simply log onto their mobile phones to speak with friends from New York to New Zealand, 
but the quality of their dialogue has improved as well. The more you interact with someone, 
the more you understand them, and the more cultural barriers cease to exist. 
Positive, meaningful communication is shared. The U.S. government has already sent shuttles into space with greetings to other life forms who may be out there. 
One day machines may teach humanity to speak to aliens
The average life expectantly has climbed by 50 years since the 1700s. Advancements in medical tech are mostly to thank for this, 
though you can also point to everything from better schools to improved agricultural systems. 
People are smarter now, capable of dreaming, building and creating complex machines
their gadgets and gizmos have played a pivotal role in how they interact with the world around them. 
Men in 1790 were grateful to live until their forties. Men who only live to their forties today are considered tragic.
Satellite systems revolutionized the way people share information. 
For the first time, citizens could see and hear global events for themselves
all you have to do is look at the Kennedy and Nixon debate to see how that changed the future. 
The consequences go beyond politics, however, and also affect science, business, finance, schools, computers and the environment. 
No industry has been untouched or unshaped by the media. 
They may cope with its presence in different ways, but it has still become a part of how they operate.
These are just seven positive benefits that technology has had on modern society. 
There are many more, but it’s a long, exhaustive and ever-growing list, and by the time you catalouged them all, 
someone probably would’ve invented a new gadget that rendered everything on the list moot. 
Such is the power of innovation in the 21st century
Technology has automated many of the critical processes in the industry as well as the household. 
Imagine the amount of labor that must have been involved in industrial processes when the concept of automation did not exist. 
Electronic gadgets have entered homes of the common man to rescue him from the boredom of daily chores. 
Imagine the amount of time people must be spending doing household chores during the time there were no machines and household appliances. 
Today's is the age of robotics. 
Machines can learn, adopt new things and perform tasks with near-human efficiency
The automobile industry and technology are interwoven. 
Time has witnessed this industry evolve from mechanical scooters to automated aircraft. 
Animals were the only modes of transport in the olden days. 
Technology was the driving force behind the creation and design of the modern-day automobiles. 
Bicycles evolved into scooters and sports bikes. 
The idea of having four-wheeled modes of transport gave rise to the creation of cars. 
Modes of air and water transport came up, thanks to technology.