Web development as a generalized skill might be on the decline, but demand for JQuery
a JavaScript library used for client-side scripting, is booming. Used by more than half of all sites worldwide
jQuery powers the Web. JQuery is used by IBM, Netflix, Microsoft and Google, and its already formidable popularity has nowhere to go but up
With smartphones rapidly taking the place of traditional desktop machines
demand for mobile apps continues to increase. Job postings for mobile app development are up 94 percent over the past year
While iOS currently holds the lion's share of the mobile apps market
Android is catching up quickly-meaning that if Apple development isn't your thing, there's an emerging Android market that's primed to explode
Flash is dead. Long live HTML5.
The latest iteration of the venerable markup language has a wealth of exciting and sophisticated new features
including audio and video playback elements and the integration of scalable vector graphics, or SVG.
What's more, Adobe announced that they're killing Flash Player for their mobile devices
while undisputed video titan YouTube is implementing HTML5 support for its online videos.
In short, HTML5 is poised to take the place of Flash in the not-too-distant future.
So it should come as no surprise that HTML5 topped the charts of trending skills in 2011 and is likely to see even more demand in 2013.
While database management skills are nothing new to the IT world
demand for database administration skills is still up 31 percent in the last year alone.
Businesses need certified DBAs to organize and secure the vast amounts of data a modern IT business generates
It might not be sexy money, but database administration was still one of the top five skills in demand for 2012.
n regards to content managements systems (CMS), we see hardly any changes from the previous year
with WordPress (2.4%), Joomla (1%) and Drupal (0.4%) being the most popular
Magento (1.9%), Prestashop (1.6%) and osCommerce (1.4%) are the leaders when it comes to shop systems – with XT Commerce close on their heels
The figures for the first half of 2014 show a high demand for expertise in the use of web technologies
especially Java and JavaScript. Java allows programs to run on multiple platforms and is suitable for complex web applications
Java is used, for example, in the development and deployment of embedded or mobile applications, but also for games
web-based content and enterprise software. JavaScript is primarily used to make webpages interactive,
with the use dialog boxes, data validation, or suggesting search terms as you type
The demand for expertise in CSS recorded an increase of 1.3% compared to last year.
A native mobile app is a smartphone application that is coded in a specific programming language
such as Objective C for iOS or Java for Android operating systems. Native mobile apps provide fast performance and a high degree of reliability
They also have access to a phone's various devices, such as its camera and address book
In addition, users can use some apps without an internet connection
this type of app is expensive to develop because it is tied to one type of operating system
forcing the company that creates the app to make duplicate versions that work on other platforms
Companies that are looking to promote themselves to the smartphone market have other options in addition to native mobile apps:
Hybrid App: This type of application has cross-platform compatibility but can still access a phone’s hardware
It is developed using platforms such as Sencha, PhoneGap and Mosync.
Dedicated Web App: A website that is tailored to function on a mobile device
These are tailored to a specific platform and do not work on other smartphones or feature phones.
Generic Mobile App: A mobile website that works with all mobile phones.
In the early stages of the smartphone market, most apps were tailored to the iPhone
However, as the market share for Android phones has grown, the need for cross-platform functionality has become a much bigger issue.
bring the book reading experience to your Android device. Read all the same titles from your Amazon account and enjoy the same functionality in a pocket format
faster web browsing and video streaming than included mobile browsers
take control of your phone by creating a new number, route calls to various paths, 
and take advantage of tons of advanced features like voicemail transcription, free texting, cheap international calling, and more
the ultimate, centralized notebook and note creation system that syncs to the cloud
scan books, movies, and music to quickly get information and pricing
the problem with an open system like Android is that you are prone to viruses and walware. 
Lookout keeps these in check and runs scans on your device for installed apps and downloaded files
you know the drill, get your social network fix
see overlays on your camera as you scan the real world and get up to date information on it
aggregate all of your finances safely and stay on top of your bank account balances, credit lines, mortgages and more
like AroundMe, Places Directory lets your know of restaurants, movie theaters, and more in the area
a comprehensive file manager to access and manipulate all files on your device
keep all system tasks and apps in line to get the most efficient and speedy phone
customize your device with tons of skins and widgets
overclock, underclock and tweak your device’s performance
keep everything on your phone backed up and secure incase you need to restore remotely from the cloud
the best cache clearing app currently available, free up tons of space
like Shazam or Midomi, find music instantly by letting your device listen
sync files between your computers and your mobile
access your computers remotely from your phone
keep on top of all your blogs and websites with this solid Google Analytics client
as a fan of tower defense games, Robo Defense stacks up with the best. Open maps, solid graphics and excellent upgrades, this will make any TD gamer happy
like its iPhone brother, Fruit Ninja is all about cutting up fruit and earning bigger points
play all of your favorite SNES games right from your device
a quirky sports game with online play, multiple game modes, and a casual but exciting experience
let your voice become a musical instrument as its converted into a keyboard
Fake or rogue security software was the most prevalent threat of 2008. It seems criminals know that we as a population have a weakness for security products
We want to be safe, so they hit our vulnerability with security products that are far from secure
This malware product has the look and feel of McAffee, only it’s not quite right.
Email phishing seems to be on a decline, but phishing as a whole is increasing, with internet-based scams leading the pack
Our awareness campaigns to caution customers about email phishing paid off – the customers grew email-savvy
but the criminals grew more sophisticated
CA expects to see an increase in Malvertising (advertising malware), threats to social networks
and not so surprisingly denial of service attacks like we saw this year in political showdowns in Moldova and Iran
Banking trojans are expected to be on the rise as well
and we’d be fool to think criminals would ever really back off financial institutions, since the carrot at the end of the stick is so big